# Portofolio

After graduating from the Juno College Data Analysis Bootcamp, I have gathered a solid working knowledge of ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) procedures and the industry-standard technologies used to that end. I have garnered a strong knowledge in SQL, mostly in its BigQuery and PostgreSQL derivations. My coding experience is not limited to relational database languages, as I have significant experience with Python, especially with the Data Analysis-related MatPlotLib, NumPy Panda, and scikit-learn packages. 

I have extensive experience working in multidisciplinary teams that are service-oriented, so I place a high value on productively communicating my ideas and insights. I want to embrace the challenge of establishing meaningful working relationships with both technical and non-technical users. A solving attitude has a positive impact on the performance of the team, something I have experienced first hand localizing Bixby (Samsung's AI assistant) into Spanish and proofreading copy for Domestika. I would not have been able to perform these tasks if I did not develop a keen eye for detail and an analytical mindset, as I think it is essential not to let details or patterns go unnoticed. In relation to this, I am persistent and tenacious and put a high value on bringing new ideas and taking action, inside and outside the box. These are the qualities I can bring to the table, on top of my technical background.

Here you will find the projects I have been working on over the last nine weeks, as part of of the Juno College Data Analysis Bootcamp.
